Psalm 31 to the chief musician a psalm
Psalm 31 to the chief musician a psalm of David in you O Lord I put my trust
of David in you O Lord I put my trust
of David in you O Lord I put my trust let me never be ashamed deliver me in
let me never be ashamed deliver me in
let me never be ashamed deliver me in your righteousness bow down your ear to
your righteousness bow down your ear to
your righteousness bow down your ear to me deliver me speedily be my rock of
me deliver me speedily be my rock of
me deliver me speedily be my rock of Refuge a fortress of defense to save me
Refuge a fortress of defense to save me
Refuge a fortress of defense to save me for you are my rock and my fortress
for you are my rock and my fortress
for you are my rock and my fortress therefore for your name's sake lead me
therefore for your name's sake lead me
therefore for your name's sake lead me and guide me pull me out of the net
and guide me pull me out of the net
and guide me pull me out of the net which they have secretly laid for me for
which they have secretly laid for me for
which they have secretly laid for me for you are my strength into your hand I
you are my strength into your hand I
you are my strength into your hand I commit my spirit you have redeemed me O
commit my spirit you have redeemed me O
commit my spirit you have redeemed me O Lord God of truth I have hated those who
Lord God of truth I have hated those who
Lord God of truth I have hated those who regard useless idols but I trust in the
regard useless idols but I trust in the
regard useless idols but I trust in the Lord I will be glad and rejoice in your
Lord I will be glad and rejoice in your
Lord I will be glad and rejoice in your mercy for you who have considered my
mercy for you who have considered my
mercy for you who have considered my trouble you have known my soul in
trouble you have known my soul in
trouble you have known my soul in adversities and have not shut me up into
adversities and have not shut me up into
adversities and have not shut me up into the hand of the enemy you have set my
the hand of the enemy you have set my
the hand of the enemy you have set my feet in a wide place have mercy on me O
feet in a wide place have mercy on me O
feet in a wide place have mercy on me O Lord for I am in trouble my eye wastes
Lord for I am in trouble my eye wastes
Lord for I am in trouble my eye wastes away with grief yes my soul and my body
away with grief yes my soul and my body
away with grief yes my soul and my body my life is spent with grief and my years
my life is spent with grief and my years
my life is spent with grief and my years with sighing my strength fails because
with sighing my strength fails because
with sighing my strength fails because of my iniquity and my bones waste away I
of my iniquity and my bones waste away I
of my iniquity and my bones waste away I am a reproach among all my enemies but
am a reproach among all my enemies but
am a reproach among all my enemies but especially among my neighbor's and I'm
especially among my neighbor's and I'm
especially among my neighbor's and I'm repulsive to my acquaintances those who
repulsive to my acquaintances those who
repulsive to my acquaintances those who see me aside flee for me I am forgotten
see me aside flee for me I am forgotten
see me aside flee for me I am forgotten like a dead man out of mind I am like a
like a dead man out of mind I am like a
like a dead man out of mind I am like a broken vessel
broken vessel
broken vessel for I hear the slander of many fear is
for I hear the slander of many fear is
for I hear the slander of many fear is on every side while they take counsel
on every side while they take counsel
on every side while they take counsel together against me they scheme to take
together against me they scheme to take
together against me they scheme to take away my life but as for me I trust in
away my life but as for me I trust in
away my life but as for me I trust in you O Lord
you O Lord
you O Lord I say you are my God my times are in
I say you are my God my times are in
I say you are my God my times are in your hand deliver me from the hand of my
your hand deliver me from the hand of my
your hand deliver me from the hand of my enemies and from those who persecute me
enemies and from those who persecute me
enemies and from those who persecute me make your face shine upon your servant
make your face shine upon your servant
make your face shine upon your servant save me for your Mercy's sake do not let
save me for your Mercy's sake do not let
save me for your Mercy's sake do not let me be ashamed or Lord where I have
me be ashamed or Lord where I have
me be ashamed or Lord where I have called upon you let the wicked be
called upon you let the wicked be
called upon you let the wicked be ashamed
ashamed
ashamed let them be silent in the grave let the
let them be silent in the grave let the
let them be silent in the grave let the lying lips be put to silence which speak
lying lips be put to silence which speak
lying lips be put to silence which speak insolent things proudly and
insolent things proudly and
insolent things proudly and contemptuously against the righteous oh
contemptuously against the righteous oh
contemptuously against the righteous oh how great is your goodness which you
how great is your goodness which you
how great is your goodness which you have laid up for those who fear you
have laid up for those who fear you
have laid up for those who fear you which you have prepared for those who
which you have prepared for those who
which you have prepared for those who trust in you in the presence of the sons
trust in you in the presence of the sons
trust in you in the presence of the sons of men you shall hide them in the secret
of men you shall hide them in the secret
of men you shall hide them in the secret place of your presence from the plots of
place of your presence from the plots of
place of your presence from the plots of man you shall keep them secretly in a
man you shall keep them secretly in a
man you shall keep them secretly in a pavilion from the strife of tongues
pavilion from the strife of tongues
pavilion from the strife of tongues blessed be the Lord for he has shown me
blessed be the Lord for he has shown me
blessed be the Lord for he has shown me his marvelous kindness in a strong City
his marvelous kindness in a strong City
his marvelous kindness in a strong City for I said in my haste I am cut off from
for I said in my haste I am cut off from
for I said in my haste I am cut off from before your eyes nevertheless you heard
before your eyes nevertheless you heard
before your eyes nevertheless you heard the voice of my supplications when I
the voice of my supplications when I
the voice of my supplications when I cried out to you o love the Lord all you
cried out to you o love the Lord all you
cried out to you o love the Lord all you his Saints the Lord preserves the
his Saints the Lord preserves the
his Saints the Lord preserves the faithful and fully repays the proud
faithful and fully repays the proud
faithful and fully repays the proud person be of good courage and he shall
person be of good courage and he shall
person be of good courage and he shall strengthen in your heart all you who
strengthen in your heart all you who
strengthen in your heart all you who hope in the Lord
hope in the Lord
hope in the Lord [Music]